{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2.\
Government organization: China CDC (CCDC)\
The China CDC serves a similar purpose to the US CDC. It focuses on trying to control diseases and other health issues from a national level within China. One of the goals of the CCDC listed on their website is to \'93maintain social stability\'94 which many will recognize as China\'92s default justification for censorship and other violations of human rights. Since the start of the outbreak the credibility of China\'92s COVID data has been in question and it should only be considered partially reliable, if reliable at all.\
\
International organization: World Health Organization (WHO)\
WHO is an organization of 194 member states that works to improve and maintain public health across the world. Their role in the COVID-19 pandemic has been to track the spread of the virus and inform countries on steps they should take to prevent its further spread. Despite Donald Trump\'92s recent threats and attacks against WHO, they are a reliable organization despite some minor political squabbles (Such as being strong-armed by China into disallowing Taiwan\'92s membership). \
\
News Organization: BNO News\
BNO News is an international news agency based in the Netherlands. They serve a similar purpose to the AP, providing news wire services to news companies and media outlets. Such news wire services are generally minimally biased. While I\'92m unfamiliar with specifics about BNO\'92s reporting, MediaBiasFactCheck gives them a \'93Least Biased\'94 rating and rates their factual reporting as high (https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/bno-news/). It can be assessed that they are reliable. \
\
11.\
Confirmed cases: Most countries started to slowly rise mid-late March, with the exception of 1 country which I assume is the US increasing significantly faster.\
Deaths: Several countries are seeing large fast increases in deaths, while China\'92s deaths have leveled off since early March.\
Recovered: The shape of these lines are somewhat similar to the \'93Death\'94 trend lines.\
}